I thought we were gonna go heard your
mother trampolining
superheroes are illegal it defines Who I
am
we're not saying you have what someone
on TV said I was approached by this
tycoon most to talk about hero stuff
help me bring supers back into the
sunlight
we need Elastigirl
[Music]
there's no problem not the way you're
supposed to do it dad they want us to do
it I don't know that way why would they
change math over Dusseldorf do those are
dollars in Kyle is so heavy a troop he
[Music]
closing I couldn't have done this if you
hadn't taken over so well I've got to
succeed so she can succeed
can she get it Bob is free but I can't
keep giving it done properly parenting
is a heroic act done properly
[Music]
[Applause]